create blogpost for release 2.8.0 (#18)
scm-manager/website: content/posts/2020-10-26-scm-manager-2-8-0/index.md

---
title: SCM-Manager 2.8.0
date: 2020-10-27T16:00:00+0000
author: SCM-Team
categories:
  - scm-manager
  - release
keywords:
- release
- syntax
- highlighting
- fullscreen
---

Hello SCM-Manager community,

in the recent releases we provided some comprehensive features to improve your experience using SCM-Manager. 
This time we took a step back and worked on our general code base.

## Syntax Highlighting

> SCM-Manager provides several code editors and code viewers which already supported syntax highlighting. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
SCM-Manager provides several code editors and code viewers which already support syntax highlighting. 
```

We managed to unify the syntax highlighter formatting. The color changes are particularly noticeable.

> Working on this we also reduced the frontend bundle sizes which will improve your frontend performance overall.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Working on this we also reduced the size of the frontend bundles which will improve your overall frontend performance.
```

![Syntax Highlighting](assets/syntax-highlighting.png)

## Fullscreen Mode
One new feature is the fullscreen mode. This should be pretty self-explanatory.
![Fullscreen Button](assets/fullscreen-button.png)
See your file content or diff in fullscreen mode.
![Fullscreen Mode](assets/fullscreen-mode.png)

## General improvements and fixes

> As mentioned a lot of our focus went on general improvements and bugfixes. Some of them are:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As mentioned, a lot of our focus went on general improvements and bugfixes. Some of them are:
```

> - The e-mail-address is not longer required for user (frontend validation changed).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The email address is no longer required for user (frontend validation changed).
```

> - Syntax-Highlighting for GoLang fixed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- We fixed the syntax highlighting for the programming language go.
```
